Link to code quality chapter in the turing way (#213)
NLeSC/guide: best_practices/testing.md

# Testing

> Write tests obviously takes time, so why should you do it? Test save time later on, and increase the quality of the software. More specifically:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Writing tests takes time, so why should you do it? Tests save time later on, and increase the quality of the software. More specifically:
```
